you can answer please yes hello yes
and yes it's me yes it's the lady of the
camping yes yes yes yes yes ok
Okay
yes we will leave in the night in my opinion
agree to agree
bah good-bye to tomorrow to see who
know you want no it was for bat
to confirm our reservation a
beating and so tomorrow what time
normally we must then recover the
glass house 16h 4:30 p.m.
if we arrive before well if we arrive
before we wander whose life is not
not a problem when he was there a
potting soil 30
it's all good physio to children marie
take a shower he loosened the
teeth is getting kids going in
pajamas and in bed because there he is
almost at 9 pm tomorrow or by early go on
activates in the east
have a good night tomorrow we wake up
early to make a long trip
yes we know short go boigny made of
see a tour here devour mont houy
bizot has the most humble sleep asks
at a long night
yeah very long day all
in short, we go there yes adds onu my thigh
well , believe us tazi bagneux
children yes yes they are there they are
are good to wash their teeth three minutes
do not agree I trust you
no more where to go we'll go to bed
of moral people I love you you know